I really should not let myself be so easily distracted. This was yet another Sunday mispent. I did do a good amount of meditation, but ended up procrastinating on everything, and spending a good amount of time getting high and thinking about roguelike games.

I really need to break out of my old habits which only caused me suffering, and start picking up a new set of habits that will help me achieve a happier life. I think that I should not have smoked so much weed, but there you have it.

I've got some ideas running through my head. Obviously with the money I was given I have a great opportunity to work on a start-up now, but I haven't really figured out what play I'm going to make. 

I had some refinements of my idea for the ultimate roguelike game, which is a very cool use of the 'shout' mechanic for pulling enemies. Making stealth a primary mechanic for a 'ranger' game that would mirror the popularity of 'rogue' would be really cool.

'I' is just a concept.

That said, I am trapped in using this language which is so big on subjects. So anyway. I had the idea of smoking up anyone who is willing to listen to me talk about Buddhism as a way of spreading the world in Coughman Cove. People who smoke weed are possibly a good group to hear the dhamma because the use of weed indicates their desire to escape the conventional world and be happy. But really, everyone just wants to be happy. 

I really liked Pete's plan of going out and living on a weed farm.

So far I don't know what to make of my progress in buddhism. I will think about that more.

I've had a lot of story ideas I've forgotten recently, but if I've been forgetting them they probably weren't all that worth knowing. 

I should be working on my writing again, but I really haven't been at all. It's a powerful skill--to woo minds, but alas, I truly do not practice. I could be taking my words, again and again, pounding them into perfection. I should be.

I.

I don't know. Ever since reading about Buddha's principles I've really been seeing a lot of suffering around me. But maybe that's just from living with Shaun. And maybe that's just the mind's effect of seeing everything a lens. It's so difficult to remain objective through all of this. 

I think I might form my personal school of buddhism. It won't actually be buddhism, because I was fairly rattled by the speculative non-buddhism critique. 