Whew, well, I am glad to be back home. I'm going to try this free writing thing for a while. I can see it as sort of a meditative writing process, because I am trying not to exert conscious control over what I write. Instead, I'm just going to let the words flow out of me and onto the metaphorical page. I don't know about you, but I think writer's block is a really annoying problem. I don't know what causes it exactly, but I'm starting to get some insight into it I think. This book I was reading in class when I probably should ahve been paying attention called "Writing with Power" has some really cool ideas in it. It's almost like this guy is hitting on some buddhist ideas without knowing it. I really like the book so far. The reason I don't pay very much attention in environmental issues is that so far the course seems like a bit of a joke. When I'm done doing this I might go and check out what my quiz score was. The average on this quiz was lower than before, so it is possible that they are trying to make the course harder, although that seems pretty unlikely. Everything is super lax in that class, to the point where I just don't put any effort into it at all. Really, it is stupid that I'm not able to get more done considering how little effort I'm putting into anything. If I were just to put an effort into things, I Think they would turn out a lot better. Sometimes I don't know what my problem is. I always have ideas for what I want to do when I don't have a good opportunity to do what I want, like for instance, when I have a lot of homework are the same times when I have a lot of short story ideas. That sentence was terrible, but this is the spirit of thing. I can't get too bogged down criticizing myself, because I need to break the writing process into two parts. One part where I just allow my creativity to flow unhindered, and another part where I take conscious control as an editor and pare down what I've written. I think working like that will help me avoid a lot of problems, such as writer's block. I really like this keyboard that I'm using right now. The keyboard that I bought just doesn't feel right sometimes, I think I might get a new kyeboard. This keyboard actually has a great amount of tactile feedback, so I have a pretty good idea of when I've hit a key and when I haven't. The problem with the keyboard downstairs is that while it is very sensitive, sometimes I think I've hit a key when I haven't. That's why I'm thinking of getting the cherry mx browns, because those have a nice little click when you've typed something. But enough about keyboards, I really think that I need to let go of my attachment to real world objects so that I can experience nirvana. One troubling thing is that I really love buddhism now, and I think that I want to share it, but I'm lacking in a good way to do that right now. I really want to express the fundamental ideas of buddhism in a story so that I can really transmit it to a lot of people. Well, jesus, if I were to keep writing at this rate I think nanowrimo would actually be pretty doable. I think that I should try nanowrimo this year, and I should try the more social aspects of it too, such as meeting up with people. The one possible disadvantage of that is that I could become self conscious and think too much about what I'm writing if I know that there will be an audience of people to share it with. However, based on what this peter elbow guy writes, I think I can get over that and really start to embrace the act of writing. I mean, this is pretty fun. I'm putting my thoughts down, there's no resistance, the words really are flowing right now. So I've had some ideas about the poetry that I want to write, but I don't really know about it. I'm scared that if my poetry sucks, then it will suck. I don't know anything about writing poems, is the thing. Maybe I should begin with haiku. Or maybe I should stick to longer form writing. The problem with longer form writing is I can't get a point about buddhism across in just a single status update, for instance, whereas with a poem it might be possible. What I really want to do is post a poem on facebook that blows people's minds so they can see that they have been stuck on the hedonistic rat race for too long. I think I am starting to run out of steam, but that might actually be impossible. Because when I look at this, it seems like more words just keep flowing out. And of course, every thought I have leads to another thought, so I really have a never ending stream of ideas that I can draw upon. That is really liberating to realize.

How, 924 words in a span of not very long.

Hm, so after I read these articles about memory, what should I do? I think that I should work on that norwegian newspaper article assignment that I didn't realize we had.. I should also check on the 5106 webpage to make sure that there aren't any new assignments. I'm also going to work on my lab report tonight instead of tomorrow so that I can print at home and save myself some pain. And that way I might be able to meet up with pete, india, and allison before lab and get high. That could be pretty fun. Although I do seriously think I should quit smoking weed, I do find it pretty hard to stop. I should also do my mnemosyne and other shit. Dual n back and all that. There are a lot of things that I shoudl try to do every day that I really don't.

So the night I had on 2c-I was pretty fun. I definitely did not trip so hard from that stuff when I hadn't snorted it, so that was pretty intense.

Hm, it would be a pretty good idea for me to get writing that report now. I guess I really should be getting to that soon. I think it might be a fun idea to always have this open so that any time I get really off track I can return here, get some things off my mind, return to the present moment, and get back to work. I think there are a lot of benefits to being mindful, so whatever I can do to increase my mindfulness is a big plus. I think that journalling like this in a free writing sort of way is definitely going to help me out. When it comes to writing a story I should simply free write whatever comes to mind. Like I was thinking, I should incoporate smoking weed into my stories because that's a good idea. I mean, it's a good idea because will be become more educated about marijuana and less irrationally afraid of it. I don't know how long it will take for people to stop acting things on the word of authority and just go experience themselves, but I don't know.

Mary, Molly, and Lucy.

Dear Mary,

You take my mind off my troubles, and fill me up with creative ideas. Conversations are never dull when you are around. You cured my insomnia. You introduced me to your friends.

Dear Molly,

Thanks for being so compassionate and warm. When you are around it's so easy to connect with people. You really know how to bring people together, and how to have a good time. Your dance moves are superlative. I just want to move, to jump, to spin around and wiggle about.

Dear Lucy,

Thanks for being so insightful. You cut to the real issues. You help me to see issues in a new light, to let go of preconceived notions. You are really weird, but in the best way--the way that shows me how narrow minded my ideas of 'weird' are. You helped me get over addictions.

I like this idea, I'll work on it more later. I think that the basic idea has promise. I'm surprised nobody else really seems to have taken advantage of this idea. 

So I probably should get to that lab report sometime, but I'm going to check out what this new assignment is in 5106.

To be a poet
what do I have to do
do I have work on writing
in some kind of metered lines
or can I just
write and be free
without the worries caused
by rigidity

Hm, okay so that 5106 homework looked pretty interesting. I'm sure that Shaun's negativity is shutting him off from much of the interesting aspects in that course. Not that I'm attending the lecture for the course... of course.

this poetry thing
is fun so do not take it
too seriously

