I'm not really certain what that librarian's deal is. I can't tell if she is retarded or what, but I'm just going to stop questioning that. Whatever she is, she deserves to experience true and everlasting happiness.

So I don't really know what I'm up to right now. What I should do is study for history of technology by downloading all the lecture slides and then looking up everything that was covered on wikipedia. I think this would give me a pretty good comprehensive look at the course. Of course, I'm also going to have to prepare my essays for the test. It is sort of unfortunate that I don't know which essay will actually be on the test, but it doesn't really matter because the pics of the two essays are so similar anyway. I feel like I type pretty fast when I do this free writing, so that is pretty coool.

I've already printed out and prepared my lab report for today, so that's pretty cool. I'm starting to get more ahead of schedule than behind I feel like. Oh, shoot, I totally should go to coffman union and pick up the cash that I should give to pete. 

Well, I'll just browse the web for a bit until I come up with something that I should actually be doing.

Are binaural beats an effective thing? I don't know. But I do know that right now typing seems to be a lot more difficult, so maybe I've been put into a different brain stage than I was in before. Or maybe I'm just paying more attention to my typing right now, so it feels like I'm going slower. I definitely do feel different in my head, so I think there is definitely some validity to the idea that binaural beats change the way your brain works, but there isn't much evidence that such change is necessarily a good thing. Also, I mean change in a purely temporary sense.

Well, I should really get to doing something. I wonder if it is possible to play dual n back effectively while listening to binaural beats. I might have to try that sometime. I think it could be pretty interesting. Oh, actually, that's exactly how I might be able to measure the effects of the different brain states is by using dual n back as a performance measure. Of course, there are problems abound with the scientific procedure there, but I'm not overly concerned. After all, this study isn't meant for publication, it is meant merely for my own amusement.

I could do a lot of different studies involving dual n back if I were to just plan them out intelligently. And if I were to do dual n back more often. I don't know, there are definitely some experimental design flaws that I don't think I could over come as a solo researcher, but I'm going to make an attempt?

