Alright, I'm just going to sit here and type for a while.

I don't really know what I've been doing with myself this summer. I think I've nearly squandered it already. Like usual, my capacity for making excuses and delaying important work is unparalleled. 

It is clear to me now that any positive effect adderall might have had is completely worn off. It is still difficult to tell whether my initial experience with it was entirely placebo or not. I think not, because the days when I did experimentally take a 30 mg dose were very strange. I think in college I will stop taking adderall except on days when I feel like I need a boost. That way I will still get the placebo effect, if nothing else. I'm hoping it'll return my body to a baseline though, so that I have still some reaction to the medicine itself. That article on Hacker News about Provigil was pretty interesting, though. And it is sort of absurd how you can just order that stuff off the internet.

Anyway, that's not really too important to me. I wish I knew what I am doing fooling around with Meredith. I think my pursuit of her is the very model of futility, considering several facts. These being, she is a girl who has absolutely no trouble making male friends, I'm sure the majority of whom are nursing a crush. I mean, Christ, she is sensual without being slutty, that's like a sort of magic formula for attractiveness. She also lives in California, a trait she has in common with many of my futile interests. Not to mention how she'll probably be going to Harvard, like everyone else who has their shit together.

So, it is a week until my birthday, my 18th. That is pretty significant to my family. I'm not sure whether it is to me. I guess it is, from the legally arbitrary perspective in which that matters. But I've never really given a shit about any of that. Oh, wow, I can legally purchase pornography now, big deal. 

I have to admit, I feel pretty lonely a lot of the time. I haven't met someone who is my peer yet, in quite the way I hope for. But that somebody special is worth waiting a good long time for, I suppose.

I should summarize the projects I value currently.

Submitting to the Ivory Tower, and various short stories, which are listed elsewhere. 

Nice&Neighborly, CraftyCritiquer, WaylaidWriter. So many things to do, and I haven't been working on any of them actively. I hate this. 

I don't know, that about covers it for now. Oh, the programming language. I should just consider that a distraction and get on with learning actual languages. One of these days, maybe, I'll have the skill as a programmer, but for now I should focus on the achievable. That always has been my problem.

Really, my only obstacle with most of this is just that I still can't program JavaScript well enough to write a front end webapp. That computer science course I took was absolutely rubbish for that purpose, I mean, I'm sorry, but I didn't learn very much from that class. 

That's all pretty shitty.

Anyway, what sucks is that I have all these friends going off to high places now. And I'm not. I guess I just didn't have the stuff necessary. What's annoying now is that I have this dilemma. If I cut those people out from my life, then I'm missing valuable contacts in my future. But on the other hand, putting up with them is very difficult for me now that I have all this resentment built up. I mean, Martin Comacho is going to Harvard and he is only 15. I'm about to be 18 and I'm going to the University of Minnesota, which despite everything I tell myself, simply isn't the same as an Ivy or a Stanford. Motherfucking Stanford, I just can't stand that fucking place anymore. I mean, it really pisses me off.

Anyway, I would almost be finished up if I were still at 750 words. 

You know, this is just a perfect illustration of my general problem. I start work on this roguelike AI, and everything is going great. And then I show it to someone, and I lose all my motivation. 

It's true what that guy said, you get as much pleasure telling someone about something you've done as you would from actually doing it. I'm not going to talk about my shit with people from now on, because I have to actually get this shit done from now on. Goddamn that really makes me sad that I haven't been shipping yet. I really should make Nice&Neighborly my highest priority.

Maybe I need to do a lot more writing. I have a lot of grief to channel. 

Here's something interesting. I have this problem with college admissions, which I don't think is really a very interesting topic to anyone for a story. However, my generation has this problem up the ass, so I'm sure it is a problem for lots of people. I bet a story about that could really strike a nerve, for the right audience. 

Alright, here is an interesting social phenomenon. I was never the obnoxious kid in any of my classes, because I preferred the admiration of my peers over the approval of my teacher. But other kids took the opposite approach. And now that they are going off to these prestigous institutions, I think they are admired by my peers. So I guess the moral of the story is, fuck my peers, they are shitheads.

You know what? The chillout genre sucks. That's all.

On a different note, I spend a lot of time thinking about the nation I could theoretically found if I made out like a bandit as the founder of some shitty ass company. I would try to be radical enough to make a clean break from a lot of the bad patterns that current nations fall into. Instead of having a military I would have a large foreign service and an extremely well trained espionage agency. As I see it, there are two kinds of countries. Those that fear UN reprocussions, and those that are run by insane despots. For the former, there is nothing to be done, because the UN would protect a small peace loving nation such as this one. For the latter, the despot would be immediately assassinated. The message is this: you may invade, but you'll not live to see any glory. Since most despots hinge all their plans on remaining alive to bask in the spoils of their foolishness, I believe this to be an effective deterrent. And since I'm not getting in any retarded land wars in the Middle East, I won't have any extremists going after me. Dear god.

I wish this chill-out xtrabeats special would finish, because I really, really like the tracks featured. But I'm going to listen to some other xtrabeats mixes here. I have downloaded a bunch that I haven't listened to actually, so this is pretty cool. I didn't realize they were three hour mixes really. 

Fuck. This kind of contemplation makes me really sad inside. I mean, you can tell just by how it has gotten me swearing. That's a pretty piss poor defense mechanism, if you ask me.

But the problem with all that is, I don't really have anything else to do. I'm basically just stuck with this. 