I'm thinking about how I want to arrange my lessons, and it is coming to my attention that it might be easiest if I just create my problem sets by hand. Right now typing up a LaTeX document with all the problems on them could be pretty difficult, because I'm not all that familiar with latex, and I wouldn't be able to include very good diagrams for the geometry problems. I should definitely sketch things out by hand at the very least. Also, I really need to develop a system of just keeping my sketchpad both stocked with paper and well in use, and kept up. I don't think that this should be such a challenge, but I just haven't gotten to it yet. If you haven't noticed, there are a lot of things that I ought to get to and haven't, because I haven't been acting skillfully. Fortunately, I am starting to become aware of what I've been doing wrong, and how I've been causing my own suffering, and I'm now taking pains to correct my behavior. I hope that in the future I can achieve true happiness, and I hope that I can help others along that path. I very much mean to meditate until I can achieve nibanna, I can think of few things that would be more worthwhile. It will become a lot easier for me to serve the world when I am happy.

So I'm thinking of divising at least three little assessment tests. One is going to be about algebra, one is going to be about geometry, and one will be about combinatorics. I have 90 minutes to work with. I think I will give myself 15 minutes to do an introduction, and perhaps prepare three quizzes that will take 25 minutes each.

One major topic I will emphasize is the importance of mindful pattern recognition in math competitions. It is basically possible to learn all the basic types of problems, and from there you will really dominate the competition. A lot of people don't know this, so they aren't applying their effort as skillfully as they can when preparing for math competitions. It is totally necessary that you sublimate every piece of information your garner from a problem so that you can apply it to similar problems in the future.

I wonder if I can still type very quickly on the keyboard or not. I think I still can. It seems like I've gotten used to this thing again, after using the mechanical keyboard.