Well, this is a lot more visible. So here I am, sitting alone on Sunday. It was supposed to be some great reprieve that Shaun isn't here anymore, but I don't know, it doesn't really feel like it. I guess I just haven't gotten used to it yet. I think I really would prefer to live alone, because the freedom that allows me to do my own thing is really just wonderful. 

The weeks before Shaun moved in I had really established some good habits for myself. I was reading about fitness and seduction, and had some drive to get some tail. Now, not so much. Of course, I would still love to get laid eventually, but I don't know if I should place it high on my priority list. Getting laid will come naturally as a consequence of having my life in order, I can't help but imagine. It'll be a big advantage having a clean living space, a mode of transporation, etc. 

I'm just so hesistant to join this modern world. To get a car and a house and mortgage all seem like they would just weigh you down. I'm hoping I can convince, say, Kevin that we should just live it out doing whatever crazy schemes we can to make money and not join in on the weird banal stresses of modern life. 

It's sort of depressing how much my perspective has changed already just from being at medtronic for a short while. I don't know, I just have a different view of money now, but I don't know that it is necessarily a good one. I don't behold money in quite the same way, which is ultimately going to be bad for my frugality. Well, I don't know, so far the purchases I've made have been okay?

I sort of don't know that the new desktop was the wisest of choices, because if I hadn't gotten it then I wouldn't be playing league of legends as much, so that would be 

Today I had a stupidly simple idea. Rather than worry so much about writing DeftDraft, we might as well just program some of the short cuts we want into vim and start doing some fucking writing for once.

Hm, after some research it seems like that approach isn't completely practical, because Vim has too much weirdness with the modes and everything. Once again, there is a lack of a text editor that really has the writing process in mind. I don't know what all I'm going to do about that. Blah. 

So here's that cool idea I had. In the future everyone has cybernetic enhancements, of course. Some people are more machine than man. One day though, a lot of that hardware goes bad, making people with brain enchancements into zombie like zombots that shamble around doing misdeeds for their hacker overlords. The survivors are the hardcore people who refused to get brain enhancements. Because the future of human civilization is left to these people, the level of tecnhology drops by hundreds of years. You have people with swords fighting zombots, and people who can use electronics are thought of as mages and mighty warlocks. It's like a perfect illustration of the line "sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic."

I really do feel like I type pretty fast on this thing. I think I'll go downstairs and compete in a bit of typeracer.
