Well, today was a bit of a mixed day. I got a lot of programming done, but arguably that's not really what I needed to be working on. I have a lot of writing to do still now, so I better get on that. 

At Mariam suggestion I've started journaling again. She's a really funny old lady, and I think she is absolutely right that I should journal my thoughts. I'll like having them for reference in the future, as she noted. 

So, as far as those things I have to do. They are: a critique of Javelin's story, a lot of my own story, another draft of the German essay. I guess it's not that much if you look at it that way. It's important for me not to psych myself out before I start working. 

I think I'm going to go change my music really quick. Right now it is Anne, but I think I'm really more in the mood for something else. Not Passion Pit, but maybe so of that crazy stuff... what was it called, ah yes, Royksopp. Eh, actually, I'll just listen to my favorites list. Which has 314 items in it right now. Which is also the date that my MIT decision will be coming. Boy, that will be quite the fucking day. It's not much longer. Not much longer at all. But Spring break is soon, at least. That'll be a welcome change.

I'm pretty screwed in terms of Wellsaid.ws right now. Why? Because I need to buy some server space, or else I can't continue with what I'm working on. I mean, I could just blindly hope that it is all working, but I don't feel comfortable doing that. Currently I am left without a way to test the work I've done, and that feels very bad.

I mean, actually, I guess I could just run that code as a Node script or something. Or use sockets. So there are things I can do. But they won't be testing the actual important thing. I guess I could go ahead and setup Comet or something. The more of these kinds of things I do the more worried I get, because if it's difficult to set up on my development machine who knows how hairy it'll get on the actual server. Nobody, that's who.

Well, I had some new ideas in terms of my story. I felt like it was a bit complicated to explain Aliza not wanting to se Connor when he comes into the shop. It seemed like there was a gap in the motivations there. And it sort of didn't fit the theme of this series of stories anyway. That theme being lots of dialogue. Lots and lots of dialogue. 

So what I'm going to do is have a conversation between Aliza and Bernard. What's the advantage of this? Well, like I said, it fits the theme better, for one thing. For another thing, Aliza can simply talk about how maybe she wouldn't have wanted to see Connor, rather than that she just didn't want to see Connor.

I saw an absolutely stunningly beautiful girl on the bus today. She's who I'm using as my model of Aliza right now. It's weird for me to be saying this, but I almost wish I had stared. She was so pretty, and I always have trouble holding onto a really good image of these illusive bus girls. Although, for her I have a simile that can help me remember. She looked a lot like a slimmer Scarlett Johansson. That is, her face was narrower, and she wasn't as curvy. She had a great ass though. 

She seemed like a pretty cool person. She stopped and spoke to a complete stranger for a few good minutes. Almost makes me wonder if she was Scarlett Johansson, because she shook her hand for a really long time. It didn't seem like your normal chit-chat between two people waiting for the bus. Since I haven't seen Scarlett in person, there's not really any way for me to know, I suppose. I don't know if she has any business in Minneapolis, though. She got onto the 674, which goes to Wayzata. 

Well, the other day I was thinking about taxation and redistribution again. The Republican theory seems to be that the rich shouldn't be taxed to support the poor. The implicit idea there is that everyone deserves what they've earned. 

I should argue my use of the word deserve here. Some might say that Republicans don't say one way or another whether someone deserves their money, just that it shouldn't be up to someone else what happens to it. But if someone didn't deserve money, shouldn't it be taken away? Naturally you wouldn't want a bankrobber to go to jail... and keep the money. He doesn't deserve it. Since undeserved money should be taken, the idea that nobody should have money taken away implies everyone more or less deserved their money. 

The idea that everyone deserves what they have leads to another conclusion: life is fair. Unfortunately, this is patently untrue. The children of the rich are more likely to be rich, and the children of the poor are more likely to be poor. And this isn't some small effect. This is like 85% retention rate. 

If you wanted a taxation free society then life has to be fair. How do we make life fair? By giving everyone the same resources to begin with, so a poor kid isn't disadvantaged because he can't get into Harvard, and a rich kid isn't advantaged because his father donated enough to Harvard to get a building named after him. Ironically, this would require some redistribution. If Republicans want a tax free society, then there should be the condition that every child born in a year has the same starting advantages. 

Unfortunately, this kind of idealized scenario is totally impossible. It's the only way you could make radical right wing philosophy like Ayn Rand's morally acceptable. But, there is no way to realistically do this. 

So instead, I propose a sensical system where members of a society acknowledge that success is largely a crapshoot. And regardless of how well off they are, they undoubtedly benefited from being in a well regulated society. Then, having acknowledged this they find it little burden to have to support their fellow man. 

So, cool story, bro. Now just write that much on your school work too. 

Javelin's story threw me for a serious loop. It is totally over the top crazy. I can't even understand 10% of the sentences in it, and I have only the vaguest notion of what is actually going on in it. It is weiiiird as hell. 

It is amusing to me that my German essay is almost entirely a fabrication. Oh well. I should work on that too, obviously, because I need to turn it in tomorrow. Sigh, I kind of hate being busy. A lot. Not kind of, I hate it so much. And I hate not having a girlfriend. Boy did this start sounding like something a teenager would write pretty quickly. Meh. 