Last night was a lot of fun. I went with Ian to see his friends and we went to a classical music concert. We got there late, so we weren't able to be seated until the intermission. Once we were properly seated it was so wonderful: I was able to just sink into access concentration and really hear so much of the music. It's really quite amazing to hear live music like that. Every note is so rich with vibration and three-dimensionality.

Listening to music in access concentration with headphones is very enjoyable too, but there are definitely elements of live music that are lost. In particular, there just isn't the same sense that each instrument is in a different location. At the Ted Mann concert hall last night I was really able to suss out every instrument and identify where the sound was originating, which was very cool.

Today only five people, including myself, showed up to Norwegian. I wasn't too surprised, considering today is the day before Thanksgiving so the majority of people are trying to travel home today. With this short break I've got a great chance to do some work on my website and prepare for the upcoming topics that will be covered in class. One particular task I've been needing to catch up on is data-entry into Mnemosyne. I have several hundred Norwegian words that I would like to add to my database that I haven't gotten around to.

On the topic of my website, I had a great idea today. Although I was initially quite pleased with the name "Zentrospect" something seemed a little off to me. I think it is just the fact that there are so many possibilities for combining 'Zen' with other English words that I feel like I settled too fast. Particularly on some of my other projects I've spent far longer ruminating on names, including reading entire alphabet sections of dictionaries, so I really do feel that I rushed myself. Today I registered "Zencephalon.com" which I think I will stick with. It's my brain on Zen, basically.

Even though I don't strictly consider myself a Zen Buddhist, or even a Buddhist for that matter, I do really like the cultural associations of Zen, so I'm sticking with that for the moment. I will continue working on my philosophy of Momentism, though, because I think the world can greatly benefit from a secular life philosophy that captures the essential teachings of Buddhism. Buddhism really has changed my life for the better, but I think it has also accrued a lot of cultural "gunk" in its long history. Reincarnation, for example, I don't see as an essential teaching (although it is a very elegant teaching, much more so than the semi-ridiculous Western ideas of an afterlife).

I have a lot I need to do in regards to designing my website. Maybe I should start with the huge list of A List Apart articles I have queued up to read. I also need to browse a lot of sites and gather some inspiration. I've found whenever I have writer's block that the best solution is just to read more fiction. I think the subconscious mind needs some fuel for its creative plagiarism. 
