I know that I want to write, but not what I want to write.

Most of all in life I just want to have Waylay.to built, so that I can begin to write and have my work published in a manner that is visible to many people. I guess I'm very shallow in that I always seek admiration. I don't dream of being rich, just of being admired. 

I don't entirely know why that is, but I guess if I did know then I would be able to deal with it. 

Just learning to deal with things has been useful to me. In a lot of ways I'm more cut-off from other people now than ever before, but it hasn't been an issue because I simply don't care anymore. But it does start to raise issues. Is denying my instincts really the solution to everything?

Anyway, I'm awfully bitter about not getting into Stanford. Just a lot of things don't seem to have gone my way, and have gone other people's way. A lot of it I tend to feel is unfair, because I feel that some people deserved it less than me somehow. But I'm basically content going to the U of MN. It's going to be relaxed enough that I can do other things, like working on my own projects and playing StarCraft 2 and so on. 

I wish I would get over StarCraft 2. I know for a fact that playing it would be a massive waste of time, but again, I think I really just want the admiration of people, and I've seen StarCraft 2 players becoming extremely admired people, and I want that sort of thing. But yeah, it's mostly silly. I should just be focusing on my ideas like Nice & Neighborly and Waylay.to.

I'm applying to this Work At a Startup thing, but I don't really expect anything of it. I doubt I'll even be invited, but we will see. My dad has some pretty wild ideas about it, and again, I feel like he is pushing me into things. It's just like all the rest of my life has been, really. I wish he would back off a bit. I'll be able to create some distance when I'm at the U. For the purposes of getting away from my family it would have been better if I were going to a university that was further away, like at California, but oh well.

I'm listening to the Baldur's Gate 2 soundtrack. Maybe I should just play that game sometime. It really is amazing, and I still haven't given it a proper playthrough all the way through. I keep having to do other things. Like attend school. But it really is everything that I've wanted in a game, right there. I hope that someone continues making games in that tradition, because they sure were great. Such evocative games, really. I don't feel like games these days match up to that. 

I'm not really sure why it is that I want to write a programming language. I feel like it might just be stalling from doing actual programming. I've noticed this tactic often. I'll delay doing writing because I haven't finished programming the new and better editor that I'm working on. And I'm delaying doing that programming because I haven't finished the new and better programming language. There are just a lot contingencies in all of my plans, and they always take me ages to develop the proper skills to work on. 

Perhaps I should work on a roguelike game again. Make an actual serious attempt. I feel like I had some pretty good ideas for what could become 7drls. Perhaps the next time that  event rolls around I will actually be prepared for it. You know what, I just realized what part of my internet routine I've been forgetting entirely. Usenet. I used to go read the roguelike discussion lists and so forth all the time, but now no longer. I think that's a pretty big shame. It's weird how quickly I get stuck in ruts of browsing habits and get entirely unable to break free.

This is my first journal entry for over two months. That in itself is kind of sad. Also I'm sad that I'm not seeing Marie anymore. I'm not riding the bus, so I don't know when I would ever see her. I would like to stay in touch with her. Hopefully I can see her again sometime so I can get her contact information, because it really would be a shame not to. She was a really nice old lady. 

You know, I want to submit a story to Ivory Tower, but they have suuuuch short submission limits. Only 2,500 words for a short story. For someone like me who really likes to flesh out their stories, it's pretty difficult. 

With an eternity you are bound by nothing. Anything could be achieved, so long as it is within the limits of human imagination. And that is the problem. Humans will always be mortal, so long as their minds remain finite. 

Yeah. I really don't want to do anything besides play Baldur's Gate 2. That was just such a fucking brilliant game. If I were like Mark I would just play it over and over and over. 

I hope I haven't run out of good ideas now. I mean, I've basically used up a ton of them for class. The dragon story. There is one I never really finished. But I never really developed a clear grasp on the characters, so I don't know what the conflict is going to be. 

Okay. I just had an idea. I know what I'll do now. 

Mikal and Niya are slaves traveling with a caravan across the desert. The caravan is attacked by a ferocious band of raiders and Niya is killed. Mikal is able to escape, but is in danger of dying in the frigid desert night. He stumbles into the glass lair of a dragon, however. It is dangerous, but it is the only source of warmth in the desert, so he goes in and hides himself. When he awakes in the morning he finds that a dragon hatched and bonded to him.

Hm. Similar idea. He is captured by the raiders, and travels with them for a while. There he witnesses the raiders slaying a mature dragon, noting that if the dragon knew more of humans than it would have defeated them handily. 

Okay. Unfortunately I have a feeling that we'll end up with something that is too long for publication in the Ivory Tower. That's fine, because I want to write this story regardless, but we should investigate other story ideas. 

I guess there is still the story of Marcus and the statue of Athena. I think the basic framework of that story is simple enough that we could fit it into a story that is short enough for publication. After all, the German story wasn't really all that long, and in a way it was already half way through. 

But I am hesistant to write about the Greek stuff, given that I haven't extensively studied their culture. 

I don't know that I've experienced much worth writing about. Feeling betrayed? Yay. I don't really have anything to feel betrayed about. I had a crush on Maya, so I made something out of our relationship that it wasn't. We were just good friends, and she used me a lot for technical help and for math help. Whatever. It was only because of my constructed relationship that there's anything to feel betrayed over.

You know, I barely even knew Aliza and I made her out to be this amazing person. I don't know what my deal is. Ugh, whatever. At the U of MN I'll meet some nice girls, hopefully. 

I have to make sure not to get stuck in dad's rut. He feels sad about a lot of stuff, all the time. And it really keeps him down. Right now I sort of feel sad about a lot of stuff, but I just have to make sure not to internalize any of that and let it drag me down. 