Well, now that I've taken care of "business" so to speak, I can come back to doing this writing. 

I've been trying to convince myself that quitting 750words was a good idea for some time now. I think I'm lying to myself, but that's a shame. I think though, that I do have a point when it comes to quality, however. The writing I produced on 750words was pretty low quality. That was, of course, the expectation. The person who runs the site says so himself, because they are meant to be reflective pieces. 

Well, I can do that without having to use some fancy shmancy website, so it's all good. 

Anyway, we were thinking about this story, which I have to write pretty soon. 

Maybe, going along with the theme of Valentine's Day we could write something about that. 

I had various ideas I was kicking around about duels and false accusations and love triangles, but honestly I think those are pretty stale. So let's do something crazy. I've wanted to do something meta, so let's do that.

Here's an idea:

Hm. What if we were to continue our saga of Aliza and whatshisface. Connor, that's his name. Heh. Okay, private joke.

A story about missed connections. Connor starts to see Aliza around town. She's clearly there, but now he needs an excuse to run into her, but without seeming creepy. The more times he botches his opportunities, though, the further he digs himself into a hole. What if she saw him all those other times? Is he just getting creepier and creepier? 

What I thought would be funny is a confrontation between an ex-boyfriend who is stalking her and Connor. However, that would be out of character for Aliza. 

Aliza sighed to herself, and wished again that fiction did have the power to summon people to her. 

Hm. Not a fan. I haven't really figured out where I want them to next meet. In the bookstore, seems only natural. Anyway, I don't know if I really want to continue that story in this class. 

Maybe we should go back to the love triangle. Or do an adoptation of a Detective Conan episode like we were saying we wanted to.

But really, I do want to do something meta-critical, something that bends the idea of fiction. 

The idea of puppetry. The image of strings wrapped around the heart, of being drawn up into the stars. These are of interest to me for some reason. 

Maybe we could return to Nora's character. I wonder what ever happened to her. She moved away, and where does that leave Neal? 

Hm. Maybe Aliza finds Connor, which in a weird way ruins his day, because he wanted to be the one to find her.

New idea. Guy is lonely on Valentine's Day, of course. He's sitting there writing about a girl he wishes would appear, it's his fantasy about a real person, but he's not actually doing anything. He sits there writing about her, and then suddenly she shows up at his door and asks him out. 

For a while we think she is the real person, and so does he. But eventually it dawns on us that he has been out on a date with a figment of his imagination. It's the ultimate form of masturbation. 

We spend all our lives looking for a companion who agrees with us, and narcisstically, even looks like us. Well, too bad, isn't it. 

"At least you are a good writer."
"You're hardly an impartial observer. Not like that--" he glances in your direction "--person is."
It's strange that I'm not more sympathetic to him, really. 

Super mindfuckery story. Begins with a third person narrator while Kyle writes this fantasy of his, and Mary shows up at his door. 

Then! Kyle becomes the narrator, and begins imagining the way the narrator would narrate his situation. As he talks to Mary and it becomes increasingly clear that she is simply a figment of his imagination. 

Then he starts talking to himself entirely, and it becomes a rant with just Kyle. At the end it is revealed that Mary (real Mary) tried to visit Kyle, but he wasn't in, and wouldn't answer his cellphone. 

Man, this is a crazy story. 

"Why don't you pick up the phone?"
"I'm on a date with you, why would I want to pick up the phone?"
"Well, okay, if you are sure it won't be something important."

Alright, this is an absolutely batshit insane story. I love it. Let's do it. 

It is Valentine's Day, and Kyle is sitting in his study, writing loveningly in his beautifully crafted longhand. He's not lonely. He has writing to do, and it is important that he gets it done. He isn't like most people, who have time to waste. Someone as brilliant and potential filled as Kyle have to spend their time as best they can, for the betterment of mankind.
Kyle smiles to himself, in a way women would find absolutely heart throbbing if there were any around, as he completes a clever line of dialogue. 
"'Most relationships are just the ultimate form of masturbation, if you think about it. People spend all their time searching for someone else who shares all their opinions and interests. And, on top of that, it's been shown couples usually look alike--not because couples grow to look alike, but because people are more sexually attracted to people who look like their opposite gendered selves,' she said," he wrote. It was a telling observation, the kind that came naturally to gifted writers like Kyle.
Still, Kyle was getting worn out. Just then he heard a knock on his door, so he stood up and answered. Mary was on the other side of the door. 


Heh, okay, that is a pretty good start. And look, we've written more than a thousand words already. I told you that 750words shit wasn't good for anything. Hell, we've had a way more productive time here than we've ever had on that piece of shit.

And plus, we've made some pretty legitimate progress on Waylaid.org so soon we'll be able to actually start using it for stuff, and that will be really awesome. If we can get CraftyCritiquer done before critiquing in class begins that would be the very best. Oh man, oh man.

The AI project seems to be going decently too, as far as I can tell. After all, we do have a C thing all going and working. It won't be that hard to add a game tree and start doing evaluating functions. Hell, then we can start working on an evolutionary algorithm if we wanted. Although the implementation of that would be pretty difficult, because we don't know what we are up against exactly. 

Well, I think we have the story idea well in hand now. The only question is what we choose for a title. My vote is for "Masturbation", but we might want to reconsider by the end of the day. 

Let's think about upcoming things. We better remember to turn in that computer science assignment tomorrow. We should give it one more look over tomorrow morning, and then send it in. It is a good thing that math midterm is so easy this time around. It's all stuff I've done at Ross, mostly, so I can get through that pretty quickly. There isn't too much time, though. Wait. There really isn't much time. I basically have to start working on it on Wednesday to have any hope of finishing it on time. Sigh. Better start working on it on Tuesday. Tomorrow is an extremely busy day. German quiz, Math League thing, also we have to go and fill out that paperwork. Weeeee. Oh, and I have econ class tomorrow.

Well, I'd better start doing a shit ton of work on Tuesday. Fortunately that's still a pretty clear day, interview aside. Oh, fuck. Except for the AMC testing, too. Okay, well, the only reason I feel so busy is because of all this math contest stuff going on, but if I just stop giving a shit about those then I won't feel so panicked.

Look, the point is, I am a super smart person, so none of that math competition stuff matters. It's too late for me anyway, this is my last year, so it's not like it makes a huge difference what happens. That's good.

Is there anything going on in my other classes? Let's see. Computer Science, under control for the moment. Math, we have to do a shit ton of write up. That happens on Tuesday, okay? English, working on it. German, quiz, other stuff of course. Econ? Midterm pretty soon, don't forget about that. Will require a lot of reading to be able to do that stuff. Remember that doing well on the math midterm is going to require reading some more of Artin, too. Okay, let's think. Well, that doesn't sound too bad honestly.

And remember, it's not like we are under that much pressure to finish CraftyCritiquer. That's just some time pressure you are putting on yourself.

Okay, well, we better get to sleep soon so that we aren't feeling like total shit tomorrow morning. The more productive we can be throughout the day the better. I'm glad we have some Adderall doses stored up, too. They might come in handy in the next few days.

Well, we are up to like 1600+ words now, so better call it quits.