I don't know if you just heard, but I have this great idea for this gargoyle story, finally. I've been thinking about for a long time, so I feel like I really deserve this breakthrough I've finally had. 

It's written down on the pad, so I'm not going to rewrite all of what I have yet. I need to get to sleep like right now.

Well, I've been here for about a half hour, and I still can't see my interviewer anywhere. I'm pretty fucking puzzled. I don't know what the problem is. Is one of the people here my interviewer, but just isn't looking like an interviewer? Nope. I don't think so, so I don't get what the problem is here. I think he isn't here? If he is here he isn't acting like an interviewer really, because I can't fucking find him. Nobody here is looking around like they are expecting someone, so I don't know what I'm supposed to be doing here. I really busted my ass riding the bus to try and get here on time, and if I don't find the guy I'm going to be here for quite a while, because I'm not going to be picked up for a good long time. This is quite annoying. 

At least I Think I have a direction to go with this gargoyle story. This really would be a much  better day if I were bale to locate my interviewer. Like, really. Where the hell is he? Was this not the right coffeeshop? I'm going to freak out, because I won't know what to say to my parents if he doesn't show. This sucks. 

If I lie, then he might send an email like "Oh, hey, sorry I wasn't there." And then they would find out I was lying, and I would be screwed. On the other hand, if I'm honest, then they are going to ask if I had sent that confirmation email or not. Which I hadn't. But I have to say that I did, because I said I did. Except I didn't, and they havea  way of checking that. 

This has not been a good day in any sense of the word. I've had the most crazy head ache all day, I just bombed the AMC 12. So many stupid mistakes, I can't believe what a piece of shit I am at math now. This is like a self esteem slaughter. Well, I think the B date will be better at least. I should practice sometime, because I need to not let my team down on HMMT. I'm not even sure why I said I would go to that, it's just going to cost my family a cool $300. It's not like that's going to show up on my college transcript or anything. Oh, you know, I still have to do that MIT midyear report soon. I'm pretty sure that black guy isn't my interviewer, although currently he's the most likely suspect. Except that I looked up my interviewer before hand and he wasn't black. There is a guy over there who might be my interviewer, maybe? Except that he brought work to do right away, so I don't think so? Hard for me to say. And I think he might be going now. Nope. He's reading. Well, I don't know what the hell is going on now. 

God, this is way too weird. Where is he? Did he mean the Starbucks, or just some other coffee shop? Now I'm going to be forever full of doubt, I guess. 



Fuck it. Guess what? I'm going to do the AI Challenge in Haskell. Why? Because it all already laid out here.

Or I could do it all in C, because it is all laid out in the other thing. But whatever. Either way. One or the other, I need to do this. 