It's so strange to be home again, but here I am. I definitely don't really consider this "home" anymore. Home is now my place at Hayes St., but still, this is also a home. I don't know why, but it always feels so strange to be back. 

Oh, man, I'm an idiot. The entire time I was having problems with my computer keyboard I could have just used an external one, but I was just too shorted sighted, apparently? I guess I was just using Kevin's computer, so it didn't really matter at all. 

Holy crap I can type quickly on this thing. I don't think I ever used to type this quickly, but it is so easy to hit the buttons that I can just fly through this thing. I really like that my hands are as quick as they are. As soon as I think a word they are on the page, basically. I really hate spellcheck, btw. But I haven't been using it the right way at all.

I should really consider getting in the habit of journaling again. I mean, I only seem to do it once in a blue moon, like right now. There is an appalling gap between March and July where I didn't journal at all. 

I think it is just pathetic how much of a gap there is in america between the rich and the poor. I can't imagine the country going forward healthily until that gap is addressed. There is an entire segment of the population that is never presented a single opportunity in their lives. Instead, they have to deal with family members that are abusive, or other problems. It's just a difficult life for a lot of people out there.

It's really cool though that this keyboard works everywhere without any drivers being installed. I guess that's because all the magic is done in the hardware. 

There are a lot of habits that I really should get back into, like dual n back. And running. And some actual meditation, although just practicing mindfulness seems to be a big help. I have to figure out some way that I can get the procrastination out of my system, though. I'm definitely the biggest obstacle in my path to greatness. 

Lately though, I'm starting to wonder if greatness is really worth it. It would be much better just to be happy, and I think I could manage that without too many issues. I mean, really, happiness is a lot easier to find than people think. The problem is they always think it is somewhere far away, when really, it is right nearby.

The road to happiness begins and ends with you.
  
That's what I believe now, anyway. Since happiness only exists inside your head, what's the point of seeking external causes for it? You are your own best source of happiness.